Below is a list of young supernovae (SNe) observed by Swift, along with Swift Ultraviolet/Optical Telescope (UVOT), light curves and data (where available). The Swift SN Mosaic above is by Peter Brown using actual observations and a Swift rendering by NASA/Sonoma State University/Aurore Simonnet. A working list of publications is posted at: Swift Supernova Publications.


Swift's Optical/Ultraviolet Supernova Archive (SOUSA) is an effort to reprocess and rereduce all of the Swift supernova data using the Breeveld et al. 2011 zeropoints and time-dependent sensitivity correction to be on the same system. Available data is linked from the sousaphone icons. We are beginning with the already published supernovae which need to be updated to the new photometric zeropoints and those with host galaxy template observations, so most of those with data are at the bottom of the list. The paper describing SOUSA has been published in the special UV issue of Astrophysics & Space Science. ADS link. This link discusses how to cite SOUSA. The Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes is hosting the (large) image sets if you want to do your own photometry on the supernovae or other objects in the field or the host galaxy. If you just want the final light curves, click on the sousaphone links below for individual objects or download a tar file of 270+ supernovae here. To encourage the proper use of Swift data, especially in the case of converting to flux for use in creating spectral energy distributions or bolometric light curves, I wrote a paper describing some of the complications. 

Much of the data linked from this website is under construction and will be available at a later time. If you would like to be added to an e-mail list to find out when significant chunks of data have been added, report SNe missing from this list, or have any questions about Swift SNe, data, etc, please email uv dot supernova at gmail dot com If you want older versions of the data that were used in specific publications, please contact me via e-mail.-- Peter J. Brown 



No.
Supernova
Host Galaxy
Redshift
Type 
Image  |  Plot  |  Data

